Start of synchronization (#1)
ActivityWatch/aw-import-ical: README.md

aw-import-ical
==============

> An importer which continuously synchronizes Google Calendar with ActivityWatch.
> 
> ## Setup
> 
> * You have to enable Google Calendar API in the API Console. Once you do that, download `credentials.json` [(Console Website)](https://console.developers.google.com/) and place it in the aw-import-ical folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `.ical` importer and Google Calendar synchronizer for ActivityWatch.

## Setup

* To use the Google Calendar synchronizer, you have to enable Google Calendar API in the API Console. Once you do that, download `credentials.json` [(Console Website)](https://console.developers.google.com/) and place it in the aw-import-ical folder.
```

## Usage

> Requires Python 3.6+ and pipenv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires Python 3.7+ and pipenv.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

pipenv install

> pipenv run python3 synchronize.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# To run importer
pipenv run python3 main.py <filepath of ical file>

# To run synchronizer
pipenv run python3 synchronize.py
```
